for years palestine's footballers have
overcome adversity to play for their
country but the buildup to this Asian
cup has been even harder because of the
war on Gaza the challenges are getting
the team
together because some players live in
the West Bank some are from Gaza who are
living abroad some are in Europe and
Asia we're just all over the place many
of the players in the team are playing
in the Palestinian league and they
haven't played a match since just a week
before the war
started unable to train in Palestine the
squad has been preparing for the
tournament in Algeria and Saudi Arabia
but there's a constant feeling of
anxiety about what is happening back
home Israel's attacks have left members
of palestine's football family dead
including players referees
administrators and most recently one of
the country's Olympic football coaches
we have a player here from Gaza he sent
the message for his family before 10
days and and he take the answer today
they alive alhamdulillah so like that we
send message to the friends sometimes
nobody answer about that so we like
everyone we see the media because the
friends didn't answer every time
midfielder mamed Basim rashed was born
in rala grew up in the US and now plays
professionally in Indonesia he says the
players have felt growing support from
fans wherever they've been it's very
important because we're seeing that the
people are more passionate about
Palestine now they're more passionate
about the Palestinian national team um
It's just sad to see that something this
tragic had to happen for people to you
know feel for us a little bit and that
support doesn't stop in the stands local
organizers here in Kata say they'll
donate revenue from ticket sales for the
Asian cup to those affected by the war
on Gaza and they'll also be sharing
messages of support for Palestinians
throughout the
tournament Palestine are aiming to get
out of the group group stage for the
first time in this their third
appearance at the continental showpiece
and perhaps even get their first ever
Asian Cup victory but even if they don't
there's a sense of purpose amongst the
players to provide a moment of rest bite
to those back home 90 minutes at a
time Joanna garosa Al jazer
Doha make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz